Add content for Nodes, Workloads, Dashboard and Security Events and JIRA NVSHAS-7522, NVSHAS-9293 and NVSHAS-8148 (#109)
neuvector/docs: docs/15.ui_extension/01.dashboard/01.dashboard.md

---
title: 5.x Dashboard
taxonomy:
    category: docs
slug: /ui_extension/dashboard
---

> ### Monitor overview of security status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitor Overview of Security Status
```

Author: Fixed

> In UI Extension on Rancher portal, NeuVector's Dashboard works similar as its standalone page. It provides security risk score and factors to let user know the security status of the clusters. In the bottom panel, it provides 4 tabs to let user switch the charts to monitor different categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the UI Extension in the Rancher portal, NeuVector's Dashboard works similar as its standalone page. It provides security risk score factors to let users know the security status of their clusters. In the bottom panel, it provides 4 tabs to let users switch the charts to monitor different categories.
```

Author: Fixed

> In Security Events tab, the line chart shows a date-based event count in a timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Security Events tab, the line chart shows a date-based event count in a timeline.
```

Author: Fixed

The top security events bar charts presents the top 5 source and destination endpoints.

![Dashboard](dashboard_security_events.png)

> In Ingress and Egress Exposure tab, the stacked bar chart shows amount of exposed endpoints by actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ingress and Egress Exposure tab, the stacked bar chart shows the amount of exposed endpoints by actions.
```

Author: Fixed

> On the right side, the exposure tables show egress and ingress endpoint service with scan informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the right side, the exposure tables show egress and ingress endpoint service with scan information.
```

Author: Fixed

![Dashboard](dashboard_exposure.png)

> Click on the row of egress/ingress table, the table shows conversations on specific service. The FQDN name / IP address is shown with geography location based national flag in External Host field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the row of egress/ingress table, the table shows conversations on specific services. The FQDN name / IP address is shown with a geography location based national flag in the External Host field.
```

Author: Fixed

![Dashboard](dashboard_conversations.png)

> Click on the External Host, it redirects to whois.com to show the IP address' detail informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the External Host, it redirects to whois.com to show the IP address' detail information.
```

Author: Fixed

![External](whois.png)

> In Policy Mode tab, the pie charts shows the ratio and numbers of pods / services under different policy mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Policy Mode tab, the pie charts show the ratio and numbers of pods / services under different policy modes.
```

Author: Fixed

![Dashboard](dashboard_policy_mode.png)

> In Top Vulnerable Assets tab, the bar charts shows the top 5 pods / nodes which contain high or medium severity vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Top Vulnerable Assets tab, the bar charts show the top 5 pods / nodes which contain high or medium severity vulnerabilities.
```

Author: Fixed

![Dashboard](dashboard_top_vul_assets.png)

> ### Not included functions comparing with NeuVector standalone page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Functions Not Included When Comparing with NeuVector Standalone Page
```

Author: Fixed
